---
layout: post
title: How to MarkDown and Git
---

"Markdown is a markup language without tags. So basically, you use special symbols before the sentence or words you want to type to style it."

For example

```
 # Example 1
 ## Example 2
 ### Example 3
 #### Example 4
```

will give you

# Example 1

## Example 2

### Example 3

#### Example 4

> Spacing **AFTER** the hashgstags are **very very** important

Some more things you can do

```
*Test1*
**Test2**
~~Test3~~
```

_Test1_
**Test2**
~~Test3~~

Even **MORE** things you can do

```
>Lorem Ipsum
1. This
2. Is
3. A
4. List
```

> Lorem Ipsum

1. This
2. Is
3. A
4. List

And finally, I'm too lazy too add more of the things you can do, so this is the final one

````c++
 "```"c++
  cout << "Code here" << endl;
 "```"

 [hyperlink text](www.theActualLinkItself.com.sg)
````

> remove the bunny ears, its there just to make everything is rendered properly

```c++
 cout << "Code here" << endl;
```

[hyperlink text](www.theActualLinkItself.com.sg)

Learn more by clicking here: [how to MD](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

## Learning how to git (collab)

Go to the directory that you want to save the repo in **locally**
Key in the following to clone the whole repo

```git
git clone <insert_git_url>
```

That's it!
With that you will have the whole repo locally in your computer :D

#### Making changes

When you make changes in the repo, follow the following flow.
**Always** fetch before making changes, fetching will get all the other changes that others (might) have done.

```c++
git pull
```

After fetching, you can now do your work!
When you have done doing your work always remember to _Ctrl + S_ !
BUT, this will only make changes locally, to save it to your repo, do

```c++
git commit -a -m "<Description here"
```

This will save your changes into your repo, much like saving your files locally.
However, try to commit in logical chucks of changes as this will help in your version controlling in the future

> Basically, just do it. You'll thank yourself in the future

Then finally, share your changes to the world!
One commit at a time

```c++
git push
```

Learn more by clicking here: [how to git](https://gist.github.com/adamloving/5690951)
